Our idea is to create an application which helps others to secure their information, data and any other thing which they consider to remain private. The application will have almost all features which should be there in an ideal applock. However what makes our idea unique is getting two different types of password from the user. One password will be the correct password for the application. Another password will be something which will save you in situations like above. If you get in these situations you just have to give them the second password. When they enter the second password then a message will appear on screen saying “correct password”. But after that toast message, a modal will appear saying “Unfortunately the app has been stopped”. This will create a thought in their mind that they have done something wrong. And they will give your phone back to you. And now you can close your tabs, your chats and then open that application and give it to them. And you can get out of this situation. 

For the implementation of this application we will ask the user to give us the permission to access all other apps available in your mobile phone. After giving all the desired permissions, the application will open. The first screen which you will see is for setting the correct password for applock, only if the password is not set till now. After the first password, the app will ask you to enter another password, which is an error password. You can use this password to get out of situations in which you don’t want to be. After this a screen will appear in which you can see all the applications available on your mobile. You will be provided a lock icon to lock and unlock icon to unlock the locked app. 
Now suppose you locked whatsapp, so now when you want to open the whatsapp then the first screen exposed to you is designed by us in which we will be asking for the password given by you at the time you first opened applock. If you enter the first password (the correct one) then the app will open and you can see your chats. However if you enter the second password (the error password) then a modal will appear on your screen which will say that “Unfortunately,this app has been stopped due to less storage available. Please clear your storage to make it work again”. And if the third possible case is of entering any other password (wrong password) in it then it will simply send a toast message saying that the entered password is incorrect. 
